 1.  Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

  The Hypertext Transfer Protocol is an application protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information 
systems that allows users to communicate data on the World Wide Web

    HTTP 1.1 is the latest version of Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), the World Wide Web application protocol 
that runs on top of the Internet's TCP/IP suite of protocols. HTTP 1.1 provides faster delivery of Web pages than 
the original HTTP and reduces Web traffic.

HTTP/1.1         

a. the use works on the textual format.
b. There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
c. It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
d. It compresses data by itself.

  HTTP/2 enables full request and response multiplexing. In practice, this means a connection made to a web server 
from your browser can be used to send multiple requests and receive multiple responses. This gets rid of a lot of 
the additional time that it takes to establish a new connection for each request.

HTTP/2

a. It works on the binary protocol.
b. It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
c. It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages 
d. It uses HPACK for data compression.




2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

A JavaScript object is a collection of named values having state and behavior (properties and method)”., objects in 
JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form 
of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively,
in the context of an object.

A javaScript object is an entity having state and behavior (properties and method). For example: car, pen, bike,
chair, glass, keyboard, monitor.

You can create an object in three different ways:

a. Using object literal.
b. By creating instance of Object directly.
c . By using constructor function.
